boy oh boy I can't wait to start
learning the Trinity and its fullness I
will understand it I'm going to study it
and I'm going to wrap my finite mind
around an infinite being how possible is
that when we gonna get started but the
word Trinity is not felt and the by ball
oh but you can't see that because you
also complete that suck God is
omnipresent and omnipotent and
omniscient and only benevolent in desoto
was like that because I you can't just
take one side of the coin if you kept
living the tranny because the word
Trinity is not found in the Bible then
you will follow the same logic and
understand that you can't believe the
gutters or knowing in the
self-sufficient ins everywhere you see
if you are a Christian you need to be
content with the fact that God has
revealed to us in Scripture certain
things to an extent because we were
finite we need to be humble enough to
accept and trust and what God has
revealed to us and trust that he alone
has all the answers and that's a third
to some things we can't understand now
we're dealing with the very concept of
God himself so it is not surprising to
not be able to understand this concept
of his trial nature and its fullness aka
the Trinity he were absolutely correct
so what is the Trinity then the doctrine
of the Trinity stays and Finland got
headaches is three distinct persons
father son Holy Spirit each has a will
and uses the words I and you when
speaking you're teaching three God's
there's only one God notice how i use
the words person or a person's rather
than beans because that would be
suggesting that there are three gods but
we were trying to have you understand
that there's only one gone long
existence as the Bible teaches and
Isaiah elsewhere
only one God in all existence not just
the fact that we worship one but also
that they're only exists one God now
each of these persons father son Holy
Spirit are not the same as the other the
father is not the same as the son who is
not the same as the Holy Spirit who is
not the same as the father now one
correlation we live in a world of
Trinity of Trinity's and what analogy
that I like to use it helps me to
understand the concept a little better
how they're distinct from one are there
yet the same is the concept of time but
then time you have the past present and
future now the past is not the same as a
present which is not the same as the
future which is not the same as the past
yet all three make up what we call time
likewise with the Trinity Father Son
Holy Spirit the father is not the same
as the son who is not same as the Holy
Spirit is not the same as father get all
three make up what we call God three
persons of one entity three persons
within one entity that is the doctrine
of the Trinity so how do we know that
these three persons father son Holy
Spirit our God each of them are prey to
worshipped and called God additionally
Jesus forgive sins and said profits so
if Jesus for instance is not God the new
Izzy if he sent prophets forgive sins as
worship pray to call God then how is it
that he can do all those things we are
dealing with a very complex doctrine
this is the one of the most essential
doctrines there is it's ironic because
it's one of the most difficult
understand how can God make this
essential and expect us understand it
mean we can't picture one God of three
persons that's impossible in our finite
minds and we're dealing with an infinite
being hello they're having trouble
understanding concept attorney don't be
like the anxious students expected to
know the Trinity in its fullness because
you can't wrap your mind around God he
is not governed by your mind we are
governed by his we borrowed from his
mind process which is logic hey logic is
a process of God
his logic supersedes ours we can only go
so far as we're fine right so we need to
be humble and just trust that God has
all the answers which he does I assure
you and we can ask him more about that
when we get to see him and person right
so there you go don't get discouraged
Bose go out into the world and spread
the gospel to all nations baptizing them
in the name of the Father and of the Son
and of the Holy Spirit may God be with
you all god bless